you're going to love
this dark grows into the
light I [Music]
searching H sh peekaboo I see you most
satanic Mary Poppins got a big bag of JuJu where the necromancers hang out and
the darkest crew C mystery purple drugs on your face you're at the Roman clown
circus scandalous Jesus bakia media got him Twisted out child sex traffickers
hung on the cross pedophiles fet and gibit [__] hell Satan [__] worship
The Muse they couldn't hear the dragon Tong Express Effy Dark Horse brim Reaper
riding rum bump bump druming
travels light I [Music] searching the
sun [Music]
you well back to Babylon that was Teddy Bas thank you so much Teddy Bas and
chewy for that work gorgeous brilliant job boy have I got it for you
tonight I've been waiting for this one thank you for coming back and thank
you for being here satanic congregation shout out to the sisters of frustration
out in the lobby doing their thing they so sound so disappointed don't they yes
yes forget the rumors forget the rumors tonight we are going all the way back
all the way back in time we're gonna find our way we're GNA bring
something something forward what you get tonight before you get scared away I
hear people are horrified by me that's terrible um
before this night you didn't get what you needed to
get tonight I have not come to you to prophesy I have come to you to
fulfill prophecy tonight satanic congregation just for
us just for us we Feast on the beach
Beast thank you for coming thank you for coming oh thank you for coming where is
my whip yes we're gonna take a short break before we get to the climax and
we're gonna have another video because these things are telling a story I just
oh I love it I love it it's orus back alive I love it fantastic hit us with
the first let's go in let's go in paent boom right there don't don't
we'll wait for you know who people look I wanted to tell you this so much last
week and I won't belabor it I'm not going to blabber any of the sources today this is a userfriendly
Edition R we're here to have a good time this isn't some kind of class this is
fun are you ready for this thank you for your time by the way everybody out there who's given their time thank you um I
wanted to give you this last week um this is from a source this is hisus and I know people will
say so late how can you use such a
s okay hius is him excuse me um ustus is
using his own sources from Antiquity um
that nobody else around him is availing themselves of he's like the one bright
spot in a stinky dormatory full of monks oh and there he is he's got these
sources anyway he says right here I just wanted to bring it up for you he says look this is the very
rise of Greek culture it comes through the lace days comes through Lea
this is Greek culture if you don't understand what that
is go find out for the satanic congregation hear me hear me when I talk
about the Helens know who they are and where they
came from indoeuropean H let's go to the next one chewy hit it
now here comes the real stuff I told you I told you um tonight we get something
special thanks to The Graces of Lucifer we have tonight this gorgeous
fulfillment of Prophecy are you ready we're going to do this together it's
like having a baby let's do this are you ready oh this is the apocalypse
Kai
[Music] what is going on I don't know what that was but it sounds sexy I love it um what
happens they figured out the Beast they what they figured out the
Beast they discovered the Beast
oh isn't the Beast Yonder creature with
necks and flames and Scarlet [__]
sitting thank you for killing everything classical civilization brought us
Christianity thank you my salute to the queen oh my
goodness bring it up bring it up again
boom um let's watch this fulfilled are you ready they discovered determined
precisely they determin precisely the theion what is the
theion take it down what is the theion the Beast what is the
Beast yeah it's that which Bears up lady
Babylon it is that which brings the cup that's the Beast are you ready to
dive into the Beast are you ready to find it and the Christianity will give
you all sorts of images the're the most hilarious self
denying lying sacks of you know what
what is the Beast what is the Beast yeah let's watch the fulfillment
what happened they figured out the Beast they determined the Beast and who else
was using the Beast I mean what is the Beast bring us bring us back to John
come here John you little you disgust me you disgust me John you have everybody
should have known oh you Thief little
thief siil and oracles let's watch what happen happens are you ready are you ready they figured out the theion and um
the pseudo profet he was using it making
signs via the agency of the
Beast and in these delusions they
wanded everybody who took the kma wait
what kma do you hear that there's no blockage of the air in the
he everybody say
that right in the middle of that text what are these people doing they're taking the KAG give me the next I want
to see what what is this thing look here it is blow it up kma oh God I'm still I'm sitting here
with anticipation CH we hit the next one the next one yeah what is it what is it
oh my goodness blow it up blow it up oh goodma look it's from harasu oh lovely
and what's it mean it's a mark engraved or imprinted or branded now look at the Greek everybody in the Greek and be
careful the atheists won't be able to keep up
aist right there they all felt it too right every one of them just went ow was there a bug was did I sit on
something they will write to me where did I get these black and blue
marks you got them on your buttocks atheist okay what is what is the haraga
um look at the Greek people the Greek right here
theages the sting of the
Viper right what does it say what does it say what does it say right there it's
very bite give me the next one you mean you want me to see this you want me to
see what these people are doing you want to see you want to see what these drug using people are doing are you ready
this is Mystery people you have to be ready for the mystery it's all
mystery oh those who took
that well that's the mark of the beast Martha no you are
so ignorant compose
yourself oh May Lucifer have mercy on you yes I hope that he does sisters of
frustration hit us that's why they're not reaching the
highest peak do you understand because Satan rules here oh God love it isn't
anybody else part of the part of the cult is there it just me all right we'll
just let just be a one go hit us the next one hit us the next one oh God what
was the next one this is so look people what are they doing with harma right um
it's the same thing that happened to this guy and this is where the Christians can't take you I'm taking you
places the Christians can't I'm taking you places that no Rabbi no priest oh no
preacher no seminarian I'm taking you places they'll look at you and go huh
what yeah but we're doing it because we're looking for these the reality did
get out of this yeah we did look here it is what happened this guy's name is philik TI he says look I'm sitting here
because these generals and this woxs the the cenans what did he do they left me
here they Shipwrecked me here in this Aron with this terrible wild disease
festering in my BL it was put
there by the strike of that kidna by its
harma oh oh do you know what it does to you ask Paul ask Paul the
Apostle ask Paul the Apostle how far up you can drop that one how far up you can
get on this stuff ask him are you ready you didn't want
yeah here it is here's the Beast fulfillment fantastic bring it bring the
next one boom zop excellent um before we
do that go back to the top we got to go back to alderon right there boom next
one boom that one was destroyed okay look at people he says what happens here
so look they figured out the thec and um The Underneath its influence
the false prophet was making the sea and they were taking the sea and
they were wandering they were wandering they were worshiping they were
prising they were bending the knee to the
image of it oh they had the Beast and what did
they do they took the haraga oh oh I get it I get it oh
God and what happened under this they took this you mean Prophet what happened
what happened to the prophet who was leading them in the future what happened to him you know the future's never gonna
happen right you didn't get that memo oh too bad let's go go to the next one
bring it roll it are you ready oh dianis what do you have to say bro nice to see you bro what do you have to say put on
your booy new peplo what cover your flesh baby cover your flesh with it what
is it I need oh it's hot it's hot chewy go ahead this one's coming in hot though we can only take a couple of seconds
till we gotta go oh God no no look what
did I stumble upon I stumbl on the purple right because that Boosy that
you're going to see which is a let's see if we can find that definition I think boom I think I lost that poor definition
well she'll come up later she's like a Wandering child um people look what we've got right here Poria right right
porur oh they just dug this out of juliia Caesar's
Grandpa's beautiful luxury home uh down there in
herculanum love it remember what J see Caesar hung in the temple of Venus
genetrix do you guys remember that I told you that he hung the portrait of
media the medwa yes yes he did he did
why because they were Dawn Bringers yeah Dawn Bringers isn't that
nice God it's gorgeous um there there it was we'll come back to this but I want
everybody to know I want everybody know this fine that they made in herculanum
and the subsequent getting the scans to analyze these charred up Scrolls oh God
you're about to receive dumps we're about to get dumps of lost where isn't it great what does it make those two
junk pots of Dead Sea Scrolls look like
you know they're copy into a dead archaic form of oh my god seriously two
pots we have just discovered Lucifer just buried just buried that false
history oh my God what a world we live in oh I love the fact that this is his
world ah what did we find the library we found this dude's Library it
happens to belong to fraking jul the Julian family oh oh my goodness you're
going to get some great stuff out of this let's go to the purple since we just stumbled on it go maybe there's a
reason to this madness um yeah there you go um people what am I bringing you look
this is Das scordis and I just want you to see I've been talking about the burning purple and if you look here at
number four yeah there's our poror fura right Anda right and it's
in kid oh what is this this is our burning purple this is our burning
purple people have been asking me what's the burning and what does it do well it
says it right here people and guess what it's a c of staly can for Hooper
Saron wait what yeah it is a cure for
those growths yeah yeah so the purple don't be
surprised if it has a huge impact on your culture don't be
surprised yeah you know what that stuff does you know why it's so incredibly
valuable let's keep going let's keep going to the next one boom oh what what
else does he say about it well I'll make a back in a second chewy but we can reverse in a second look at this people
I just want you to focus on the second word here p p what are p p what are
P they are drinks potions sometimes translated as
[Laughter] spells do you hear how bad Christian
translators are I'm here to say your history your intellectual history
is laughably bad laughably bad yes yes
for those of you who think that you invented
democracy for um your Awakening is is my
joy is my joy in this gigantic penal colony um called Earth your Awakening is
everything to me for you to be be able to see your reality that Jesus Christ was arrested
in a public park at 4:00 a.m. with a naked boy while he's screaming I'm not a
child trafficker your Awakening to that reality has given me such pleasure it's
pleasure that no one mortal should be able to share and you know buy you know
just without any sort of people to enjoy with them it's selfish of me yes but to
see that that new birth into a reality that's something and I appreciate I
appreciate you giving me that experience um it's right at the top of of
everything that is beautiful so thank you thank you for that
Transformations I love it um let's go to the next text people I wonder what the
next rumor is going to be all right here we go yeah and I sent an
angel right and what is he G to do he's supposed to witness right to you people right to
these churches why because I'm the root I'm the root of that defic
Clan I am [Music]
hos oh God if you don't understand that's an incantation you haven't lived
in Antiquity Fantastic look at this he's the star what is he saying at the bottom
he's saying I'm a star who is this Jesus didn't anybody notice we were talking
about Jesus Congregation of Satan you know shout out to Jesus baby isn't it going
to be gorgeous isn't it going to be gorgeous when we all come to knowledge
and we have have perfect precise vision of history and we see him there and we
know who he was oh God am I gonna feel stupid I am gonna feel so
stupid if I bow down to that
pedophile yeah do we know he's already been convicted um all we have to do is
show the evidence right and it's a wrapup case finished right nobody wants
to follow a pedophile right that's disgusto okay let's do it and stop
saying things oh I'm sorry sometimes I hear I hear you out there I know it I
can Envision it in my little mind I can Envision it out there and I love it it turns me on thought I heard somebody say
something okay just think I'm right there with you if you're in your car I'm with you I'm with you driving don't get
distracted right some of you are overseas um some of you are in at your
jobs right now at your jobs tell your boss do do me a favor tell your boss
you're listening you're listening to Lady Babylon and that if he doesn't give you
a raise something something cosmically
ugly will be imputed to him or her
yeah greed tell him hey uh I got a new morality for you boss man um
greed stains your soul with a stench the stench of
Ruin oh God oh God love it love it okay let's go to the
next one um let's get charged up with some really good stuff here right oh what happens what happens H diabos oh
who's that H diabos right the devil what does he do what does he do the one who
made them wander in their minds the one who made took them to that expanse you
remember Paul was there I saw what you did Paul you went up to the third and started messing around you know what
that weakness of the flesh is and that's why it's better that you stay with your
your Apostles do we have pictures of the Apostles do we have disciples yeah yeah
yeah we've got them bring on the kids where are the kids oh people now here is
a very look thanks to the gift of AI we are able to now represent for you with
stunning amazing realism the historical apostle
right look at this kid you know what he's doing you know who that is you know who that is that's James man that's
James who's that who it's one of those sons of thunder I know that maybe he's the one in the back maybe he's the one
in the back I don't know I I don't know Peter's in there somewhere
too let's hear from the queen where's the queen in her little [Music]
drawers oh my goodness
where's Peter surely his wife wait his wife you
think Peter was married it doesn't say anywhere he had a wife oh it says he had
a motherin-law no my queen um just in case you didn't know
that was Elizabeth Straight From Hell Straight From Hell Elizabeth shut
up it's a basement sub basement that's
where we keep them all yeah okay um yeah so it's the word for SI um can be the
word for sister-in-law can be anything and guess what you you can be you can have in-laws and not actually be married
right so um there's no there's no evidence
that this kid had any sort of he was with his he was with his family Jesus is
like get on boys right okay stop stop we've already been in the trial satanic
congregation is not here for that they're not here for that secretly they are go to the go to the next one oh God
what is that monstrosity what is it with Christianity and all of the S masochistic
weirdness what is that there's something that's that's Primal this primal you
know what I mean get a group of Romans to beat him beat him oh yeah feels so
good um notice there a bunch of people watching it too love it um go uh yeah
and so oh yeah so the devil we're back to the devil right diabos and what
happens to him he's the one who's just putting these images into people's heads
right and he's thrown into the Lake of Fire and theu what is theu theu is what
you purify with they is what you purifying with we
sons of dawn we Bringers of the light what do we
do I'm about to show you what do we
do we bathe in the fire and
sulfur purify ourselves yeah and that's where where
this Prophet gains the Thon that's where that Beast Comes
Alive yeah these these Yahoo is gonna throw into the pit
and my name isn't Jeff Ro T Merkel for nothing listen the stuff that you've
heard is BS what they're describing here is perfect mystery right and you didn't see
it the whole time why not because they took away your access they took away
your access they appropriated they said this text this is the Bible here that's
the word of God and it comes from the back when Moses was up on the M it comes
from the 3 Century yeah comes from the thir century
and it orig it's in Greek why because the ancient Hebrew has just tiny tiny
we've been here congregation we've been here I don't want to keep going here you know let them have the Dead Sea Scrolls
but don't let them tell you a fairy tale of
History these are the texts go to it I love it everybody needs a spanking
spanking for everyone's every everyone out there are you out there are you out
there in your car where are you spanking for everyone just one that's just one
let's go okay stop it's they're gon somebody's gonna write to me about going to hell again um I try to do it but you
know um and what's happening well that's you know into the ions of ions right um
where are you going you're going into the ion what do you think Paul was talking
about there's a physics here here oh fantastic let's see what Christ is all
about give us the next one show us oh show us this here finally we caught up
here look here here I told you boos look at this okay bandages look fine linen
wait a minute look at those look at right at the beginning of the definition it says made of busu and then it says
seon right it's remember we talked about the thing that was wrapped on the a kid
that was with Jesus around his private parts okay here here we are here we are
right for wounds remember I told you how they use it medically and they impregnate it right I wasn't the one who
made this stuff up right this is from Antiquity they're doing it okay so
welcome welcome here it is the Fulfillment is here here we go next one please oh and I'm sorry look at the
bottom look don't let hisus this is hisus don't miss the bottom what does it
say poror furus what the purple is there you darn
right and the purple is there on Jesus on his fingers on the stuff on his
face that they're saying look at that what's that stuff what's that junk on your face bro when you arrest someone
and take them in and they had just been arrested in public park with a naked kid and the police aka the Romans are saying
what you know these soldiers stand around like what um you wonder why they beat
him up do you know what happens in prison systems tedos they beat you
up yeah yeah if they don't kill you it's a badge of honor right it's the way the
system is the only reason I know that is not because I've watch something on Netflix no it's because oh I knew
someone who was on the inside for doing things to
cars and he was also a very good very good tattoo artist so he had a strong
function and you know buying bars and you know was kind of protected that way
yeah you know good tattoo artist it's hard to find um do we have any more of our tattooed Christians what is that go
ahead bring it up oh flash that in there make people I'm do we have any more yeah
do we have any more of our kitties our tattooed children do we have any tattooed yeah no go ahead you can do it
go ahead there we go yeah um realized somebody asked me re just recently about
tattoos in Antiquity um and realize that they are indeed a Priestly thing um they
are also associated with uh kind of some of the Wilder more you know I don't know
people living in caves you know um when when I say cave don't laugh Cave's nicer
than any of the houses that you guys have right I mean you look at some of this stuff look at Pythagoras's cave
dude little Grotto of the nms oh my god um gorgeous how would you like to live
in that oh do you see the pools he's got and everything no wonder they go there
all the time to sing right the tattoos are often associated with dudes like f
amenities right whose skin they removed and tanned and kept as a you know source
of inspiration fantastic I love that stuff hit us with another source hit us with another source this is why you
Christians you're going to get marked you're G to get marked right if you don't have it yet you may be one of the
apostate Christians you know they're they're in the text too right they're in the text too one of the apostate
Christians oh I like that positioning let's hold it right there and I saw
Behold a white horse and the one sitting upon it had a bow wait what yeah a bow this
is Jesus with a bow wait why does Jesus have a bow did
anybody did anybody notice Jesus had a bow well of course he's got a bow he's
the Morning Star you bonee head where do you think all of this cult came from
it's those crazy horse riding freaks who've got those women that you
can't get past them they'll kill you dead they'll kill you dead they even have to kill a certain number of us oh
God can you believe this he's got his bow there and and what was given to him
a crown and some stuff so why so he could go out and kill kill baby kill do
you want to know what the Morning Star does I don't think you're ready I don't
think you're ready here we're looking for Christians you are not a Christian
if you do not have the name of your God tattooed on your
forehead oh my seriously that's what they said that's what they said bra but they were going they were they were
using the the juice man I mean I mean I don't know how much of this stuff can be
trusted right they're putting it right into the skin right into the skin what
does it do it sits there and you get it over time oh my god seriously what do
you think the all the cuts are for yeah yeah oh you didn't know this
was a reality seriously oh God
Mommy right give it to me momy mmy right oh my goodness what's she giving that
kid hey call Child Services I'm not sure that that cup of purple juice is legal
in every state um look you want her to burn off his mortality or not what do
you think is more motherly than that bro wait what are you talking about don't worry you're modern you're modern you're
G to get there and you're going to see you're going to see Jesus and his naked boy yeah and in the yeah it's all there
I've been there I seen it with my own eyes yep how did I do that same way you
do that we dig up the dead and we look through their eyes we put our put our
little mous you want to see what the witches those Roman witches were doing with freshly dead people like people who
just died right they know they've got a certain amount of time right my
God you know you can St lights some boom bring him right oh God next thing you
know she's biting his teeth I was like should this be should this be getting me
uh you know interested intellectually or should I run to Jesus don't run to Jesus
he's in that park with the naked kids go go to the next one
boom yeah there we go yeah and yep we already saw that one next one that's the
one so he can go out Jesus got a license kill right um who else take down the
initiating apocalypse please who else people can can we look at this text
realistically who else who else is this Lucifer who else is this look at the
last line This is the hymn to Apollo the orphic hymn to Apollo look at the look
at the line at the bottom and you see the phosphor you see that who is that yeah
that is yos foros right that's the bringer of dawn that is the Morning
Star when Jesus says I am he's saying it
about this this is who he is get what is that he's a diamon baby he's a diamon
now do you understand why they said he was casting out Spirits by
beel oh God did you know that was related to bakas you didn't know that watch this people I'm going to do a
trick but boom give me that next one oh look at this look at this at the bottom
okay here it is I'm going to tell you this you're going to know it Satanic congregation you're going to know it
yeah you're gonna know it and nobody else will it it's
fulfillment of Prophecy I'm gonna show you the seals I'm going to show you the
seals before I do I'm going to show you a
vid this is the vitt that we used from Teddy
base and I want you to see just the story that Chewy was able to put
together fantastic chewy why you hit that video we I'll be [Music]
[Music] back
yeah all right one 2 one to all night kale Satan
toing on the Arrow all the dreams washing the feet with cloth underwear
pedaling your spun on Wheels counter toxins with Healing Waters welcome to
the slaughter Hil Satan we're selling the books of Lies pedaling the love
drugs with the kids after dark in the park in a vampiric form gangster G and
the prostitutes on adrenic Chrome blood of the children the language tree
original sources Jesus asked you don't scandalize them the vatican's poster boy
main business was child sex trafficking books written by Moors praise pedophiles
Jesus Christ the apostles were a bunch of abused children the Prince of Darkness willing C full of violet vagina
juice super pimp Jesus with a hot purple hot purple hit you with the truth like
Davey Chappelle lift him up the boots and take him to Hell Crown pandemic Co
hard cell fromia needle craft magic gel I am a powerful dreamer on you I Put
a Spell dope weight on the triple beam purple cup press down full and
overflowing well greeny Green Jelly Bean dance with The Muse come with me point a
pendant ring Elemental pce they love the kaching Ling purple paint face down with
the yellow brick road Charlamagne sugar Ringling this dream isn't mine it's
yours and I'm honored to be in it rock on Hell Satan with a cup full of violet
vagina juice you know what to
do bright out with the Stars in the
Sky farma Kia Meda twinkle in your
[Music] eye the snake venom make some zombie like
[Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause]
beautiful thank you teddy thank you chewy for that um lovely lovely story
look at the art people that um can be generated um by people who do not take
your money isn't that fantastic remember everybody involved here right lady
Babylon our motto is well I can't tell you our motto because I try not to curse
while I'm talking to you um but it's blank money right um look I was wa I I
did want to say this from before I was watching a I was watching a very popular
YouTuber um giving discussion and topic about the very same kind of things that
you and I are interested in and um I had to get through 12 commercials seems like it was playing
about once every minute and a half and I thought after after about 15 minutes of
that I thought how much can you lend
your backside to someone before you say hey
something's gonna get ripped yeah yeah greed stains the soul
with a stench of Ruin love it that's why we are not
monetized yes and and or are keeping that tell I can't take any contraction
the devil you know he'll some Cotes or some something will kick in in the
contract and the next thing you know be fending myself off oh my
goodness um there's one one one person you don't mess with right you don't mess with
Lucifer love it he's always going to out thank you he did he already out thought Yahoo right Yahoo got mad and stomped
off and destroyed the garden right Lucifer was like no no bro you
don't get it let's go to the next one let's go there's people are giving us
their time people back to the back to the look oh oh yeah so he sends his Angel right he says at the bottom I am
that morning star here he is here he is um go ahead next one yeah and um what
did he do wait we got to get the gotta get that one um who else is the Morning
Star by the way who else who else is he look at this he's gonna bring us oh this
is what I promised ready fraida oh it sounds what is that what is
that he holds he holds the entire Cosmos by that
oh God for the sake of everything what is the Morning Star
do he has the what is it what is that let's go go
to the next one should have had it on the next one after that boom no of course not um sorry uh who's how about
let's try that one no no no that's not there
okay hereis fragos right here it is go go hit it hit
the next one after this because that's got the real oh my God how much definition of this thing am I gonna have
to read look at this oh open it up for just a minute I'll try to stay on Mark here but I probably won't be able to
look look look look everything from a gym or a stone to an impression from a signant ring all that kind of stuff take
it down give me the next one let's focus in focus in which ones oh look at this
look at number three does anybody see number three this is a tablet of Livy and medicinal Earth these are the things
that gayen went to pick up you know what I mean this is good stuff these are drugs from the ancient world only these
reputedly um are the top Panacea this thing will get get you healthy and keep
you healthy oh love it love it um we we
we we killed it right we we du we we used it all can't find it anymore stupid
people go people tell the Watchers they're right what else is this thing um
this that he mentions what are they medically their pels right does
anybody know what that is right um look look oh you can take these I've seen the
kind that some of them um you can take and you can put little little ball of
medy and you take it you put it on the fire and then you breathe it in oh God
you take the another one you put it in a cup you put it in there you dissolve it
and you drink that right and um it's part of the medicine um you
people who are running around teaching and
preaching about the seals oh these are the Seals that they're going to break on
the book no no uhuh no it's a medical
application why do you think they're why do you think they got the devil and the false prophet and a giant pit full of
the smoke of purification people come on
yeah it's it it it all you got to do is follow the drugs watch what they're doing with the drugs go to the next one
love it let's try that look people this is too many people are going to be like dude I can't hang out that long I gotta
go um look and they shouted in a big voice saying look the
Salvation right sitting on our Throne right our god oh love it it's sitting on
the throne what's that last word Aro and on the
what on the Aro um that's a fleece that's a fleece that you write on
it's a very protected one that the dragon guards wait a minute did you I forgot
you were thanking lamb you were right you were thanking lamb this
is the Lamb of God there is and he's next to the he's next to God and they're on the throne H that's the happy ending
that's that's decrepit seriously let the great mother just rinse that toilet bowl
out you know what I mean oh my God what's that fleece you've got to have
the song or you can't have the mystery you
got to have the song don't you understand now why they were fumigating themselves we saw it in the mithraic
Liturgy we saw why they're fumigating themselves with the song they're breathing that stuff in
and they're listening to the chorus oh God those priestesses man oh God they
set up a world they oh we gotta it's got to come back we got we need this we need
this healing you know what I mean um next one please that's fine okay and
here it is just in case you think I'm full of it look at number two Roman number two flee
go to the next one immediately love it maybe I'm being am I being too loud yeah
okay so there is the fleece again right on that middle of the throne and it is
what is causing us to have access to the Waters of life right those of you in
satanic congregation who know what it means to be born again will understand this right they have the Water of Life
life remember Jesus when he's at the well right and he's like
hey you know what b word get me some water and she's like why you suck it
right and he's like bang I got it right here for you I got you if you'd asked me
I'd have given you the Water of Life and she's like no no you can't he's like I
know you I know you you're a lady of the evening you like
it she was like well and from there you have a group of
people who will follow you around and finance you and and set you up where you
got a place in downtown Jerusalem you know what Jesus had this is the way this
is the way of Jerusalem the holy city you know what you get away with in the holy city you can get a room
for the night fully staffed with laid out
goodies and you can have you can take whoever you want them you can take a
dozen boys up there if you want yeah you can oh my God they caught him in the
[Laughter] garden it's a freaking Cemetery and he's out there covered with the stuff right
oh God I'm not okay uh next one please please please please people are like sir
Could you hurry let's go here it is kite yeah and what happened the smoke of this
thing right what is the smoke of it's the smoke of the Thum
maton the aroma of the herbs the spices the they
prepare in these little bricks to fumigate people you stand around that Temple and you're in a fog did you ever
wonder what all the fascination with fog is yeah oh God the cop noes and all
those people these are smokers but not smokers in the way that you and I think you know but smokers like you know we
get 50 of us in a room and you know um we got a big barbecue pit and we're
burning stuff on didn't you have a picture or something like that JY I thought you did they're burning or
something yeah um anyway um that act that act is really what's being featured
here and he says it's you know it's going up in those prayers right of those
people who are entering into the right and who's given it to us baby it's the hand of an Angel take it down it's
always the hand of an Angel and bring up some of that modern some of that modern goody that you brought chewy um it's
always in the hand of the angel if you want your drug right you get it from the angel Mary Mother of Jesus did it's
where she got hers right Mary purple finger leave that one up for a little bit Mary purple
fingers you didn't know they called his mother purple fingers did you that's a
name of a junkie yeah you mean Jesus Christ's
mother the Virg virgin the holy virgin the virgin mother
um she was a junkie yep yep and she got her she got her junk from the angels in
the temple and I I didn't say that they said that in
Antiquity um it's in one of the apocryphal you know things that the
church was like no we can't let them know [Laughter] that
but the thing with historians and classical philologists is um we don't
care it's your it it's our it's our evidence that we you know we're entitled
to our evidence yeah that's ours belongs to us we guard those texts yeah let's
let everybody have them oh this stuff that's going to come out now of the library the stuff that's going to come
out of the Julian's library right the Julian family oh my God you realize
they're direct descendants of urania
herself oh God this is gorgeous you're about to see some stuff it's coming look
I did get to tell you a little bit doesn't matter let's keep going give me the source give me the source that was
just you know radiation I think I'm getting go boom hit that one yeah and
sing yeah don't do the Earth and oh God what's he going to do
people he's like look this is Gangster this is Gangster G and
Yahoo somebody needs to write this um Gangsta G and Yahoo people are like
shouldn't it be J no it's ganga Gangsta G from
Jesus right get your stuff together and what what's he gonna do here he's like look
rip it up bro go down there and tear those people one you know what I mean I want to see blood all the way up to the
horses baby but first I want you to seal my
slaves I want you to put a I want you to put something I want you to write
something I want you to engrave something on their
foreheads oh God God is this gangster or what right these you know these
divinities do had a rock baby that's that that's the stuff right there um
it's too bad your religion Christianity and Judaism it's too bad your religions or religions of human sacrifice that's
terrible um you guys should stop doing that um look uh yeah yeah the Greeks
they they worked it out of the system right that's off that's off boundaries
when you kill human beings to quench your thirst for blood and resources and
power um that is not classical civilization right it's not classical
civilization bro you don't kill children yeah I'm
sorry all you prol lifers out there who were sacrificing children and have that blood
on your hands I'm sorry I'm sorry no not really I'm
not you're gonna wear that stain you're gonna wear it go to the text next text
don't tell me I'm scary I'm coming into your dreams baby give me the next
one love it oh yeah okay yeah the impression I just wanted to see the
bottom that we were going to talk about the fantasm but I think we need to go on yeah we're I wanted to get into the
hallucinatory aspects of all of this when you go into the third heaven with these Christians that's what you got to do let's get all happy let's get all
happy yeah right oh let's let's just okay party people Glory Glory we're
gonna give him glory we're gonna give the king Glory right why because what's
coming to do you know what this is a reference to yeah yeah this is a
reference to a right that we have in classical texts that predate Christianity by hundreds of years yes
what is this gamos it's the gamos that you call the
marriage of the Lamb which I always thought was a little bit perverted I was like what um never kind of made sense
like here's the bride isn't she beautiful oh she's been washed and cleansed oh she is she has been cleansed
in the blood of her Lord and here she is and here's the Lord wait what is that thing gonna marry
that beautiful bride that is disgusting bro who thought of this stuff right no
it's because it's mistranslated right they're talking about that fleece that holds the song
that causes the right of death and Resurrection to
work oh nice nice you mean you can use
this song to replicate the right yes you can't do it without it turns out the
song is Everything fantastic fantastic there is a marriage
ceremony that takes place on that
fleece yeah yeah isn't that nice didn't you wonder why there was a marriage thing
right you're like God and his son and his son's wife who else is in that family wait father and son and there's a
holy ghost out here too right but still he's like a cousin or something right where's the mom and didn't he have any
sisters wow well it turns out he does turns out a third of
ended up the Mormons love this ended up in the right place serving the right
King why wouldn't you um we hate liars dude right everybody in the satanic
congregation for those of you who have taken my Greek course and I wanted to say um my Greek courses are coming
fantastic I've got some killer students at all levels and I'm totally pleased at
that and um I just want to say what a privilege it is to be able to work with
you in Dojo to get you up to speed so that you can get out there and you can
do your own work and you can forge ah head in the frontier I just want to say it's great it's a credit to you to to
humanity and it's a gift that I am able to work with you so thank you everyone
who everyone who's working diligently in the dojo love it let's go to the next Source I was going to say a few things
but don't want to get SA let's go um yep let's get all happy
right we did that one go to oh yeah notice the woman that's involved in
this yeah right this okay keep going just wait just wait there's the lamb
keep going we don't need him anymore throw throw him away here we go oh yeah it's a prayer of the vow don't worry
give me the next text we're almost finished people we're almost finished and um what is special about our Lord
Jesus Christ Christ besides the fact in the apocalypse that he is wearing
women's lerie um what is the what is the special
thing about him which look I mean if you haven't if you haven't been there right
if somebody wanted to portray Jesus today um and they wanted to get him
within the apocalypse they're GNA have to bring the Garb of the Morning Star
which it says that he's wearing um let's take a look at him he's got a flock puros in his off thoy he's got what yeah
um he's been christed you Bone Heads right did we all arrive late no satanic
congregation is sitting there and like yep we get it I see some of you make comments in the comments by the way and
you're like hey um wake up go watch the performers you know don't ask questions
like that that's that's two seasons ago right I love that I love that and it's
really for you people that I should be most dedicated um yeah it it should I'm
sorry if it feels like sometime that you know I'm bringing in the old um it's
because there are always you know new people who are going to be watching and and they need to you know they need to
be welcomed um we're gonna sacrifice them later yeah uh let's go to the next
one please please before it this gets too sappy yep he's got the flocks puros
in his eyes that's why he's there right people are like wait what is this he's
got like laser beams you know if he's got like fire coming out of his eyes
right and you get pictures of this um how are you going to depict this right
how are you going to depict it it turns out it's the drugs and they're just using technical terms for his christing
that's what the Morning Star is he's been christed right and he I'm sorry if I
missed gender I should have said she there yeah because remember
oh right hey stop showing those pictures of those earliest statues of Aphrodite
right you guys stop showing those pretty soon there's going to be a mob there's
going to be a mob of evangelicals whacking off the penises that are on all the old Aphrodite statues yeah well you
know what you didn't consider that seriously yeah and you think you
understand Jesus who's the Morning Star the Morning Star is
Venus yeah welcome to the Julian Library people oh God I love it give me here we
got two more and that's it because these people theyve they have hung in there I gotta get into that Climax and let's go
look yeah yeah all of you who wash your clothing make it all nice and clean
right all of you you're the ones who have that Authority you have that right
to be in there with the Tree of Life yeah yep you're the ones you're the ones
does anybody smell Eve does anybody smell
AWA yeah does anybody smell her here that's who Zoe is right in our oldest
text which is the of the what you call the Old Testament which is the septu
that's what she's called her name is Zoe isn't that beautiful her name is life
and here she comes in the end you know you're gonna have to have her if you're gonna have that gamos because otherwise
you're nothing Jack you are nothing your life is not complete without
her isn't that amazing amazing and that's what the right will teach you you
know how many misogynists were orphics zero imagine if you could have a
religion completely devoid of
misogyny right if you could put somebody through a process where they could be born again their mind could be opened
and they could not be misogynous isn't that funny one of the things that you cure when you cure
disease of the psyche is misogyny oh interesting interesting you
mean the Greeks would say the most diseased are those atheist
Christians yeah they would those cilene atheist
Christians yeah they're the ones who bring that pollution
and let it Fester that's what they would say psychically I mean take take it for what you want you know it's a bunch of
it's a bunch of dead people right take that for what you want they're gonna
overthrow they're gonna overthrow your democracy wait what who said that Julian
the apostate where are you he's hiding somewhere in here I knew he would be this is for children right we need a
children's show that's what we need whoever wants to volunteer to be bor
let me know you come in here I'll give you I'm I'm joking don't please please
no no give me the last give me the second good and I just wanted to end
with this because we saw at the very beginning of this journey that today
that and I'm I'm going to get to your comments don't run away I'm G to get to your comments because I want to do a
little back and forth with your comments see how people are doing CU it's nice we can do that it's live right um I want to
um punctuate this talk tonight by saying look we started with somebody saying uh
who had access to sources saying look the history of the the historians of the
Greeks themselves who are writing their own histories they're saying that they
as a culture emerged from what you and I would call
traffic yeah trafficking yeah mm so um yeah yeah
think about that for a minute love it Jesus is sitting there and he says what
Jesus says what how look how'd you come out against me
ex EP EP like I'm some kind of
trafficker like I'm some kind of trafficker the reality is that you
are right out of your son of God mouth and you think through the fairy tale the
Son of God is The Descendant holy Jesus virgin birth oh Mary sitting there
laying bit oh right there it comes wait what that's what you think
because you are a sucker for fairy tales you love them that's not not the
anthropology bro that's not they called them sons of God because they were so
high they could conceive of things they normally couldn't they could see things
they could go Places Travel you hear Do you hear them talking like that these
drug using Jesus was the biggest drug user on the planet gangster G was like I'll let you
take this poison oh God it won't kill you I'll show you you want the Water of
Life I'll show you I'll show you I got your Water of Life um it's a sad I'm
sorry for you Christians out there because you haven't been a part a proper
part of this process I am sorry that your duping was so incredible but hey
look at it this way you can stop now right you can live part of your life
without um putting a pedo into a position of
somebody that you know is your master and Lord right you can walk away from
that could and they recognize that right they recognize that that spell can be
broken that Christian spell it's the same thing as Taliban it's the same thing that the Orthodox who want that
blood it's the same thing those child sacrif IES yeah yeah um let us pray somewhere
that is outside of the capital yeah and let that
democracy let that democracy Thrive you know who would say that
aana yeah a woman goddess a woman goddess for the for my
20% female audience a right for my 20% female
audience yeah yeah she was worshiped and we got
democracy thank you aana um let's look at a couple of comments and then we're gonna um we're going to uh um give you
the teddy to roll us out love it the rest of this song is awesome um let's
see there's always time to change the here let's put
uh um no okay sorry it looks like a uh no no take
a trip without leaving your seat yeah put that up that's somebody that's intelligent is that intelligent take a
trip without leaving your seat that guy's a wizard maybe it's a witch I don't know I don't know um here put that
one up yeah go ahead I know it's small no no no not that one this one yeah yeah yeah
Bingo [Laughter] right I love that did somebody win what
I get what's my prize um let's go do they roll bingo while we're doing I
didn't know the Falcon had space for Bingo um I love it though keep it up um
look at that one put car's up there here's Carri and Chrysler oh car's been here from the beginning right Cari I'm
sorry if you pronounce it Cari I don't know just tell me um and so what is it yeah so a chaos and
yeah control chaos and control definitely definitely right look at the
very way the mystery is set up it's meant to put you into a place that and
pull you back out of it that you can have some kind of Awakening A New
Perspective on the universe yeah that is that's good stuff man talk about it's both chaos and control um we can jump to
Wonderland anytime yeah can you don't be a don't be
like that I think I don't know it makes me want to go too I'll go with you wait
let's go but you got to be with aliser I'm I'm totally not interested because you know anas right remember anas with
the sible right I mean if you aren't sitting with The Muse what the hell are you doing
right seriously you you thought your life would be fulfilled in your husband or your wife or your children or your
Nextdoor neighbors pensent for sitting around smoking cigars no no none of that stuff is
fulfilling right it is that Muse Alone um isn't she gorgeous oh God yeah
singer of the universe love it didn't oh you didn't know the universe was being
sung oh man I should have chewy did I leave
that out I left that out the universe as you experience it is a
song yeah with a singer love it love it what else is life
what else can be yeah love to Gandy okay so you think they'll overthrow democracy
again or is that Yahoo going to be castrated who is serpent spit that's
fantastic um great question is Yahoo gonna get
castrated yeah um yeah if if
Athena can be born from Yahoo's
brain yeah um we can preserve democracy
but but you know it doesn't look good when your Justice is no longer there
right first thing you got to do is you got to have Justice let the sacrifices right you're allowed to sacrifice the
Tyrant and the Patriots who attempt to overthrow the government that's
historical that's part of our American Spirit I mean I feel like Thomas
Jefferson baby and woo let's get it get it on right oh God what did Ben say he said
something about any religion that had to be yoke itself to the government was not
one worth following yeah it's a virus it's a virus
and it'll kill your democracy it it this isn't the first time right um yeah fantastic it's
dangerous so on behalf of Athena why do I say that people say oh you I don't
care about your politics shut up Alan I don't care about your politics this isn't politics this is the worship of
the Gods and I'm pretty darn thankful that I've got a democracy I'm
pretty thankful of the Enlightenment that that has been able to Foster and I know when I face my
ancestors there's going to be questions did I fight to preserve what
they created for us by Athena man I want to be sitting
there with her right I want to be on that side so um what's the what's the
future what's the future your greed stains your soul with a sense of Ruin love it who said this
one wait okay um I for one am glad I don't got to worry about stealing my
kids and selling them into sex trafficking thanks Christianity yes no it's a good thing
who would want to do that anyway right that's what all those songs of mourning are about that's what all those songs of
mourning are about um you know because it's the parents who have lost their
children because the B you know the band of traffickers came up and took them the
Terrible terrible don't think you know I was talking with somebody about Jesus and the fact that you know um uh that
loving Jesus is is you know people can do it and oh don't worry it's not bad
dude you're loving a pedophile Jesus Christ is a drug using
child abusing pedo who had a band of
prostitute boys and if you knew what he did with them through that little window
that we have of seeing him arrested and by the way what ver is that you don't
have any evidence Mark 1451 and 52 God
sorry satanic congregation always had already has that stuff memorized they don't need the they don't need that okay
look it up I feel like you guys now look it up okay go to the next one let's see oh he put that one up there I agree he
he he right was that a gender thing or was that a yeah I'm just kidding um I
say Fant oh well no that seed now chewy what are you doing what is that I say fantastic them too fantastic love it um
uh no uh oh what's that oh this is the kind of comments I like why people need
to send this kind of comment more often seriously right oh oh Dr alond
yes oh does this sound like [Music]
oh no down you Fierce it's just the Mojo
it'll temp it'll go away in a minute and I go minute I'm reaching out to you remember how the preachers on they reach
out to you like I'm reaching out to you oh I can feel it can you feel it oh put
that thing up there that abomination
yeah put that hang on hang on give me a
second oh yes no pretend like you didn't see that he go oh just flash it quick so
they have to stop it and bring it back no take it down okay all right what was that that didn't get my goat did it
bring bring her up and then we're going to head out for the evening look bring her up where'd she go bring her up
Fantastic look how well coordinated this ship flies look oh God curse on thee a
curse on thee very fact that you look there very
bad okay um thank you Apollo who is Pan
thank you very much if you read that hymn you find that e Pon oh love it love it thank you for
coming tonight thank you for coming everybody out there oh I love you man I
love you it's just uh fantastic to be able to spend this time with you and to
be able to commune like this I I I truly am thankful and we'll meet up we'll meet
up on the other side and um we'll have more time we'll have more time together
I love it I'm gonna play you out tonight with a little more Teddy who is our orus
um hail Satan see you next time you Venom just a little bit of do
that [__] got right on top of you two glasses of ice water with ice my girl
give kiss of poison all night for that PO chicken K tuck you in tight here your
box of Chocolat and a smoking cannbis light fumigate the place till they feel
all right hot purple the dead R doing bronze AG on them honor to Lucifer hail
Satan it's in the air tonight PL some long St Peter's Palm
Centurion for those who have eyes to see aphrodesia out of the
dark rows into the light I was
[Music] searching
for